# Cricket-Fantasy
I have created this app using Android Studio. I have used firebase auth for authentication purposes. For backend purposes, I have pushed all the JSON file files that have been provided by you into my Github account. I have created the mapping of these GitHub links to the firebase database. The app will map the data from firebase and create the list. The data.xls file is converted to JSON and pushed to GitHub for processing. For testing, I have pushed only 5 JSON links. I will push all the links link by using some code. I have used Volley for fetching data. I have mostly used relative and linear layouts in all the application layouts. I have used dialog builder for login layouts. First, we have to log in then we will have to select any team from our requirement. All the data are displayed in the recycler view in a linear layout. By selecting an appropriate card, it will redirect to the next page in which we can select our players meeting both criteria and our wish. The user can select only one captain and vice-captain. All the configuration to this layout is done successfully. I have displayed the two teams in a tab view. On the next page, I have tried to establish a live match with a 5-sec delay, but I couldn't create that. I should have an async function or broadcast receivers to give the live effect. All the selected players are displayed in recycler view in a grid format and in the next tab all every ball detail will be displayed in form of a card. In the live mode I have developed, all the results will be published when the ball to ball button is clicked at the right end.

I have used my sister's laptop for creating this project.
So the project is committed by her name. This project is entirely created by myself. I don't have a team, I developed the entire project. I request you to operate the app slowly(just to allow the app to fetch the data from internet) because I didn't use any async function(which I have learned today) to make the UI thread actively perform.